prepare for release 2.5.0 (#3210)
mobile-dev-inc/maestro: CHANGELOG.md

    - Add `list_cloud_devices` and a `device_model` parameter on `run_on_cloud`, so agents can look up valid `{platform, model, supported_os}` triples instead of guessing
    - Add server instructions and a clean stdout handshake - MCP startup no longer corrupts the JSON-RPC channel, fixing `Unexpected token 'k'` errors on strict clients like Claude Desktop
    - Drop `use_fuzzy_matching` from the `tap_on` schema - the flag had no YAML equivalent and produced surprising matches
    - Upgrade MCP Kotlin SDK to the official 0.11.1
- Fix `--config=<path>` on `maestro cloud` for any filename other than `config.yaml`/`config.yml`, and allow configs to live outside the workspace directory
- Detect workspace config files by content (top-level YAML keys) instead of filename, so files like `platform_settings.yaml` are no longer mis-parsed as flows
- Fix workspace ZIP path traversal for single-flow cloud uploads - zip entries are now rooted at the deepest common ancestor, eliminating broken `../` segments
- Fix `--android-api-level` and `--ios-version` being silently ignored on cloud uploads
- Normalize resolved workspace paths so `..` segments collapse on zip filesystems

> - Guard `WorkingDirectory.resolve(String)` against absolute paths, fixing doubled paths that broke MCP auto-run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix a file dependency resolution problem when users provided absolute paths
```

> - Show progress for the whole multipart cloud upload (workspace zip + app binary + mapping), not just the app binary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show upload progress in `maestro cloud` CLI output for the whole upload (workspace zip + app binary + mapping), not just the app binary
```

> - Add a soft CLI warning when the workspace zip produced by `maestro cloud` exceeds 20 MB, since oversized uploads slow queue and run times across the fleet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a CLI warning when the workspace zip produced for `maestro cloud` exceeds 20 MB, since oversized uploads slow queue and run times across the fleet
```

- Replace Android TCP port forwarding with a direct ADB socket for gRPC - around 41% faster on a simple `assertVisible` flow, and removes the flaky forwarding thread that fought with

>   Studio/CLI/MCP running side-by-side

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace Android TCP port forwarding with a direct ADB socket for gRPC - around 41% faster on a simple `assertVisible` flow, and removes the flaky forwarding thread that fought with Studio/CLI/MCP running side-by-side
```

Reviewer: Does this imply that running CLI alongside Studio is now fixed?

Author: Yes, I think so.

- Make `Maestro` methods natively `suspend` so coroutine cancellation propagates through to device IO, enabling `withTimeout { orchestra.runFlow(...) }` to actually cancel stuck gRPC calls

> - Orchestra properly respects coroutine cancellation in command, scroll, repeat, and subflow loops; previously, cancellation could scroll or retry forever

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes to cancelling flow execution when inside a long-running command
```

- Allow JavaScript expressions in the `timeout` field of `waitForAnimationToEnd`
- Add missing string-command config for `inputRandomColorName` and related random-input commands
- Detect Azure Pipelines as a CI provider (via `TF_BUILD`), so promotional messages are suppressed
- Populate the `text` attribute for `<textarea>` elements in the view hierarchy (web)
- Remove CLI-side `--app-binary-id` validation - server-side already handles it
- Remove the unmaintained `recipes/` folder; examples now live at https://docs.maestro.dev/examples
- Fix log folder name generation where outputs were being split across two similarly-timestamped directories, and extend `XDG_STATE_HOME` support to log outputs

> - Fix `ToastAccessibilityListener` crashing with `NoSuchElementException` on notification events with an empty text list (Android 11+)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix `ToastAccessibilityListener` crashing Maestro when toast nodes have no text (Android)
```
